But he went out first
I'm a mess right now
I want to ask alone
It's dangerous to be here alone with him
I'll vouch for anything.
You are not responsible.
Do you hear me?
How dare you touch me with a sweat?
I can't even be a ghost
Don't worry
Come on, come on, sit down. Let's do this slowly.
Lord, goblin, goblin
Don't be as knowledgeable as this dog.
Sit down and have a nice chat
Brother, why do I feel there is something wrong with this drink?
Oops, sister, do you think your body has not recovered?
I'm so angry again today
How dizzy!
It's normal. Is that right?
Why do I feel more and more dizzy?
Okay, why don't you lie down and rest?
I have liked you for 10 years
I finally got it, right?